DEV-1012: Update README to conform to new style guide (#44)
Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python: README.md

# Dwolla SDK for Python

This repository contains the source code for Dwolla's Python-based SDK, which allows developers to interact with Dwolla's server-side API via a Python API. Any action that can be performed via an HTTP request can be made using this SDK when executed within a server-side environment.

> ### Table of Contents 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Table of Contents 
```

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Initialization](#initialization)
    - [Tokens](#tokens)
- [Making Requests](#making-requests)
  - [Low-level Requests](#low-level-requests)
    - [Setting Headers](#setting-headers)
    - [Responses](#responses)
      - [Success](#success)
      - [Error](#error)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Community](#community)
- [Additional Resources](#additional-resources)

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Getting Started

### Installation

To begin using this SDK, you will first need to download it to your machine. We use [PyPi](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/dwollav2) to distribute this package from where you can automagically download it via [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/).

> ```
> pip install dwollav2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
$ pip install dwollav2
```

It is highly recommended that you encrypt any token data you store.

#### Tokens

##### Generating New Access Tokens

> Application access tokens are used to authenticate against the API on behalf of an application. Application tokens can be used to access resources in the API that either belong to the application itself (`webhooks`, `events`, `webhook-subscriptions`) or the Dwolla Account that owns the application (`accounts`, `customers`, `funding-sources`, etc.). Application tokens are obtained by using the [`client_credentials`][client_credentials] OAuth grant type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application access tokens are used to authenticate against the API on behalf of an application. Application tokens can be used to access resources in the API that either belong to the application itself (`webhooks`, `events`, `webhook-subscriptions`) or the Dwolla Account that owns the application (`accounts`, `customers`, `funding-sources`, etc.). Application tokens are obtained by using the [`client_credentials`](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.4) OAuth grant type:
```

> [client_credentials]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```python
application_token = client.Auth.client()
```

_Application access tokens are short-lived: 1 hour. They do not include a `refresh_token`. When it expires, generate a new one using `client.Auth.client()`._

##### Initializing Pre-Existing Tokens:

> The [Dwolla Sandbox Dashboard](https://dashboard-sandbox.dwolla.com/applications-legacy) allows you to generate `token`s for your application. These tokens can be initialized with the following attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Dwolla Sandbox Dashboard](https://dashboard-sandbox.dwolla.com/applications-legacy) allows you to generate tokens for your application. A `Token` can be initialized with the following attributes:
```

```python
client.Token(access_token = '...',
             expires_in = 123)
```

## Making Requests

> Once you've created a `token`, currently, you can make low-level HTTP requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've created a `Token`, currently, you can make low-level HTTP requests.
```

- **1.2.1** Update sandbox URLs from uat => sandbox.
- **1.2.0** Refer to Client id as key.
- **1.1.8** Support `verified_account` and `dwolla_landing` auth flags
- **1.1.7** Use session over connections for [performance improvement](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/user/advanced/#session-objects) ([#8](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python/pull/8) - Thanks [@bfeeser](https://github.com/bfeeser)!
- **1.1.5** Fix file upload bug when using with Python 2 ([#6](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python/issues/6))
- **1.1.2** Add `TooManyRequestsError` and `ConflictError`
- **1.1.1** Add MANIFEST.in
- **1.1.0** Support per-request headers

## Community

> * If you have any feedback, please reach out to us on [our forums](https://discuss.dwolla.com/) or by [creating a GitHub issue](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node/issues/new).

Author: ```suggestion
* If you have any feedback, please reach out to us on [our forums](https://discuss.dwolla.com/) or by [creating a GitHub issue](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python/issues/new).
```

> * If you would like to contribute to this library, bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you would like to contribute to this library, [bug reports](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python/issues) and [pull requests](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-python/pulls) are welcome.
```

  * After checking out the repo, run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install dependencies. Then, run `python setup.py` test to run the tests. 
  * To install this gem onto your local machine, `run pip install -e .`.
  

## Additional Resources

To learn more about Dwolla and how to integrate our product with your application, please consider visiting the following resources and becoming a member of our community!

* [Dwolla](https://www.dwolla.com/)
* [Dwolla Developers](https://developers.dwolla.com/)
* [SDKs and Tools](https://developers.dwolla.com/sdks-tools)
  * [Dwolla SDK for C#](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-csharp)
  * [Dwolla SDK for Kotlin](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-kotlin)
  * [Dwolla SDK for Node](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-node)

>   * [Dwolla SDK for Ruby](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Dwolla SDK for PHP](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-swagger-php)
  * [Dwolla SDK for Ruby](https://github.com/Dwolla/dwolla-v2-ruby)
```

* [Developer Support Forum](https://discuss.dwolla.com/)

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
